Document Theme tags for identifying Theme purposes (#763)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/themes/manage_themes.rst

.. vale off

Theme tags

> **********
> 
> .. vale on
> 
> When you select a Theme in the Email or Landing Page builders, Themes may show tags below their name. These tags help you quickly identify what each Theme is for.
> 
> The following tags are available:

Reviewer: We can add an image here to show the tags for visual purpose. Add a descriptive alt text. Avoid starting with 'Screenshot of' or anything like that.

```suggestion
When you select a Theme in the Email or Landing Page builders, Themes may show tags below their name. These tags help you quickly identify what each Theme is for.

|

[IMAGE: theme_tags.png]

|

The following tags are available:
```

**Image:**

theme_tags.png

<img width="1538" height="911" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3d81df6a-1412-44ad-9bc3-2b5156cb8145" />

.. vale off

Theme tags
**********

.. vale on

> 

Author: PR #15691 adds translatable tags to email and landing page themes. The tag translations in `messages.ini` define the available tags: `newsletter`, `promotion`, `transactional`, `registration`, `contact`, `thank_you`, `download`, `coming_soon`, and `adaptative`. The Adaptative tag has special styling and indicates themes that respond to brand configuration.

Source: https://github.com/mautic/mautic/pull/15691

When you select a Theme in the Email or Landing Page builders, Themes may show tags below their name. These tags help you quickly identify what each Theme is for.

The following tags are available:

**Newsletter** - For regular newsletter communications.

**Promotion** - For promotional and marketing campaigns.

**Transactional** - For transactional messages like order confirmations or receipts.

**Registration** - For registration and sign-up flows.

**Contact** - For contact forms and inquiries.

**Thank you** - For thank you and confirmation pages.

**Download** - For download and resource pages.

**Coming soon** - For pre-launch or coming soon pages.

> **Adaptative** - Themes with this tag respond to your brand configuration in system settings, automatically applying your brand colors and styles.

Reviewer: We can make this an unordered list.

```suggestion
.. vale off

* **Newsletter** - For regular newsletter communications.
* **Promotion** - For promotional and marketing Campaigns.
* **Transactional** - For transactional messages like order confirmations or receipts.
* **Registration** - For registration and sign-up flows.
* **Contact** - For Contact forms and inquiries.
* **Thank you** - For thank you and confirmation pages.
* **Download** - For download and resource pages.
* **Coming soon** - For pre-launch or coming soon pages.
* **Adaptative** - Themes with this tag respond to your brand configuration in system settings, automatically applying your brand colors and styles.

.. vale on
```

> **Adaptative** - Themes with this tag respond to your brand configuration in system settings, automatically applying your brand colors and styles.

Reviewer: Address the Vale failure: [Vale.Spelling] Did you really mean 'Adaptative'?
